=head1 NAME

Gtk2::WebKit::WebWindowFeatures

=cut

=head1 HIERARCHY

  Glib::Object
  +----Gtk2::WebKit::WebWindowFeatures



=cut


=head1 METHODS

=head2 webwindowfeatures = Gtk2::WebKit::WebWindowFeatures-E<gt>B<new> 

=head2 boolean = $features1-E<gt>B<equal> ($features2)

=over

=item * $features2 (Gtk2::WebKit::WebWindowFeatures) 

=back



=cut


=head1 PROPERTIES

=over

=item 'fullscreen' (boolean : default false : readable / writable / construct / private)

Controls whether window will be displayed fullscreen.

=item 'height' (integer : default -1 : readable / writable / construct / private)

The height of the window on the screen.

=item 'locationbar-visible' (boolean : default true : readable / writable / construct / private)

Controls whether the locationbar should be visible for the window.

=item 'menubar-visible' (boolean : default true : readable / writable / construct / private)

Controls whether the menubar should be visible for the window.

=item 'scrollbar-visible' (boolean : default true : readable / writable / construct / private)

Controls whether the scrollbars should be visible for the window.

=item 'statusbar-visible' (boolean : default true : readable / writable / construct / private)

Controls whether the statusbar should be visible for the window.

=item 'toolbar-visible' (boolean : default true : readable / writable / construct / private)

Controls whether the toolbar should be visible for the window.

=item 'width' (integer : default -1 : readable / writable / construct / private)

The width of the window on the screen.

=item 'x' (integer : default -1 : readable / writable / construct / private)

The starting x position of the window on the screen.

=item 'y' (integer : default -1 : readable / writable / construct / private)

The starting y position of the window on the screen.

=back



=cut


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Gtk2::WebKit>, L<Glib::Object>


=cut


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2008, Florian Ragwitz


=cut

