=head1 NAME

Gnome2::Wnck::Tasklist

=cut

=head1 HIERARCHY

  Glib::Object
  +----Glib::InitiallyUnowned
       +----Gtk2::Object
            +----Gtk2::Widget
                 +----Gtk2::Container
                      +----Gnome2::Wnck::Tasklist



=cut

=head1 INTERFACES

  Glib::Object::_Unregistered::AtkImplementorIface
  Gtk2::Buildable



=cut


=head1 METHODS

=head2 widget = Gnome2::Wnck::Tasklist-E<gt>B<new> ($screen)

=over

=item * $screen (Gnome2::Wnck::Screen) 

=back

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_button_relief> ($relief)

=over

=item * $relief (Gtk2::ReliefStyle) 

=back

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_grouping_limit> ($limit)

=over

=item * $limit (integer) 

=back

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_grouping> ($grouping)

=over

=item * $grouping (Gnome2::Wnck::TasklistGroupingType) 

=back

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_icon_loader> ($func, $data=undef)

=over

=item * $func (scalar) 

=item * $data (scalar) 

=back

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_include_all_workspaces> ($include_all_workspaces)

=over

=item * $include_all_workspaces (boolean) 

=back

=head2 integer = $tasklist-E<gt>B<get_minimum_height> 

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_minimum_height> ($size)

=over

=item * $size (integer) 

=back

=head2 integer = $tasklist-E<gt>B<get_minimum_width> 

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_minimum_width> ($size)

=over

=item * $size (integer) 

=back

=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_screen> ($screen)

=over

=item * $screen (Gnome2::Wnck::Screen) 

=back

=head2 list = $tasklist-E<gt>B<get_size_hint_list> 


Returns a list of integers.


=head2 $tasklist-E<gt>B<set_switch_workspace_on_unminimize> ($switch_workspace_on_unminimize)

=over

=item * $switch_workspace_on_unminimize (boolean) 

=back



=cut


=head1 STYLE PROPERTIES

=over

=item 'fade-loop-time' (float : default 3 : readable / private)

The time one loop takes when fading, in seconds. Default: 3.0

=item 'fade-max-loops' (integer : default 5 : readable / private)

The number of fading loops. 0 means the button will only fade to the final color. Default: 5

=item 'fade-opacity' (float : default 0.8 : readable / private)

The final opacity that will be reached. Default: 0.8

=item 'fade-overlay-rect' (boolean : default true : readable / private)

Compatibility mode for pixbuf engine themes that cannot react to color changes. If enabled, a rectangle with the correct color will be drawn on top of the button. Default: TRUE

=back



=cut


=head1 ENUMS AND FLAGS

=head2 enum Gnome2::Wnck::TasklistGroupingType

=over

=item * 'never-group' / 'WNCK_TASKLIST_NEVER_GROUP'

=item * 'auto-group' / 'WNCK_TASKLIST_AUTO_GROUP'

=item * 'always-group' / 'WNCK_TASKLIST_ALWAYS_GROUP'

=back


=head2 enum Gtk2::ReliefStyle

=over

=item * 'normal' / 'GTK_RELIEF_NORMAL'

=item * 'half' / 'GTK_RELIEF_HALF'

=item * 'none' / 'GTK_RELIEF_NONE'

=back




=cut


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Gnome2::Wnck>, L<Glib::Object>, L<Glib::InitiallyUnowned>, L<Gtk2::Object>, L<Gtk2::Widget>, L<Gtk2::Container>


=cut


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2003-2006 by the gtk2-perl team.

This software is licensed under the LGPL.  See L<Gnome2::Wnck> for a full
notice.



=cut

