=head1 NAME

Gnome2::GConf::Schema -  Schema Objects for key description

=cut

=for position SYNOPSIS

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  $client->set_schema($key, {
	owner		=> 'some_program',
	short_desc	=> 'Some key.',
	long_desc	=> 'A key that does something to some_program.',
	locale		=> 'C',
	type		=> 'int',
	default_value => { type => 'int', value => 42 }
  });
  $description{'short'} = $client->get_schema($key)->{short_desc};

=cut



=for position DESCRIPTION

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In C, C<GConfSchema> is an opaque type for a "schema", that is a collection of
useful informations about a key/value pair. It may contain a description of
the key, a default value, the program which owns the key, etc.

In perl, it is represented using an hashref containing any of these keys:

=over 4

=item B<type>

The type of the value the key points to.  It's similar to the corresponding
'type' key of C<GConfValue>, but it explicitly tags lists and pairs using the
'list' and 'pair' types (the 'type' key is just an indication of what should
be expected inside the C<default_value> field).

=item B<default_value>

The default value of the key.  In C, this should be a C<GConfValue>, so, in
perl, it becomes an hashref (see L<Gnome2::GConf::Value>)

=item B<short_desc>

A string containing a short description (a phrase, no more) of the key.

=item B<long_desc>

A string containing a longer description (a paragraph or more) of the key.

=item B<owner>

A string containing the name of the program which uses ('owns') the key to
which the schema is bound.

=item B<locale>

The locale for the three strings above (above strings are UTF-8, and the
locale is needed for translations purposes).

=back

=cut



=for object Gnome2::GConf::Schema Schema Objects for key description
=cut

=for see_also

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Gnome2::GConf>(3pm), L<Gnome2::GConf::Value>(3pm).

=cut




=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Gnome2::GConf>


=cut


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2003-2006 by the gtk2-perl team.

This software is licensed under the LGPL.  See L<Gnome2::GConf> for a full
notice.



=cut

